you are watching the heavy boo shall we
send me what our selfie news online
discuss the possibility of girls going
for nationals
back I totally support NS for girls
everybody should contribute something
for the country MA the one I mean I
think for the country has always been
the responsibility for men to force
girls to fight us against all very
nature I disagree some countries have
already adopted national service for
women your point is invalid just because
other countries adopted an S for women
doesn't mean it's the right thing to do
the idea of this being is because you
know gentlemen captain hua have been
captured by the enemy and we believe he
is imprisoned here who wants to take on
this mission to save him oh yeah
approach Sofia is also with him so our
volunteers a circus me said I will do it
for the boobies I mean for the country I
would do it for the country says no
excuse me miss excuse me I'm ready sir
regular standing like the dice
what do you mean I'm not feminine enough
for you you think what exercise hold a
muscle don't go ah you think I like an S
is it I am doing this for the country no
why can't you just accept the new
muscular me hey I'm sorry I'm so
stressed right now only push-ups can
calm me down
1 2 3 4 5 this relationship is a waste
of time
6 7 8 9 10 a little bit also want to
complain good idea honey
just me and it to be nah don't one
reason
yeah I just lit the villa I finally
caught you what are you doing with this
girl who is she
excuse me who are you I am NOT talking
to you I am his girlfriend
yeah are you so sorry she is just a
friend from what I never touch her what
you think I play music I'm a commando
lay you break my heart Pisa I am so
sorry I didn't know he's your boyfriend
if I know I would have stayed away from
him sorry I don't compromise with
boyfriend stealing Diaries a party Bravo
I kill my boyfriend and the girl already
mission accomplished
so what do you guys think who does me
forced to do the MS Allah give me your
comings video so remember I need to go
for NS you need to go for a nice